Right off 34000 Mark grounds on our agenda is going to be text shadow property as well as block shadow
property.
For this we're going to go first to excess Schimmel.
We're going to set up don't know one headings so let's say main airing and then we're also gonna have
some live.
Now the dave is gonna have a class A BOX OF SIMPLE div.
Class is gonna be box and that's gonna be enough for our email.
And within a C assess let's start styling the first the text.
So this is gonna be hitting one.
Yeah you already see that text shadow property.
I think that's kind of self-explanatory but what values are we looking for.
Well the first value is gonna be X meaning this axis and the second one is gonna be y axis.
Then we're looking for also the blur as well as last one is gonna be color.
There's gonna be much more easier if I show you.
So let's say one pixel one pixel.
So first let's start.
Very easy.
Just by one pixel one pixel.
And we can also do the color.
Now what's happening is you know there's that we are getting the tech shadow.
If I start changing the values you'll notice where the values are changing.
If I'm gonna say five pixels notice right now the direction is gonna be x direction so far so good.
And we can change and also the y direction.
So if I want to change y direction I can set up here to y direction.
You don't want to actually the x direction.
You can write like this.
So again you can delete the pixels.
You can just leave zero.
It's gonna do exactly the same thing.
Now let me leave one on one and the blur isn't going to be the blur of the shadow.
So I can stay.
Let's say one and one but I can make it blurry less blurry more blurry and you get an idea.
Last but not least we have the color again.
Any option under the sun.
You want to go with our Gibby you go with our G.B..
You want to go with our GPA go with our GPA hex whatever you name it.
That would be the tech shadow.
And we also have Boxer for the boxer.
First let's work with our box let's say with is can be two hundred pixels.
That would be a waste.
Then we can also add some light on the pixels background blue margin is going to be let's say 20 pixels
all around.
That's gonna have to be our margin.
And now let's work with our box shadow.
And here with the box shadow we have one extra that would be an optional I'm gonna show you that in
a second but the general idea is gonna be exactly the same.
We have the box at our property.
Again the first one is gonna be for x value.
Then the second one is gonna be for y value.
Then we have the blur and then we're here looking for the green now.
So this is just gonna be the color and what happens is you notice that I'm getting my back shadow as
well as again I can change these values and you'll see exactly the same things like we were doing before
and that is all good but we have also nice external resources.
So first start let's text shadow and generator and we're gonna head over to this site.
Doesn't really matter.
There's a bunch of them you can pick any one you want.
I have no real preference.
Usually the one the first one jumps out and I'm good to go when I say no.
And then you see the example obviously and this would be example text 1 the distance.
Notice this is going to be my distance.
Once the blur is going to be my blur can change the angle.
I mean whatever options you would like and what they would do at the end I was just gonna print you
out the code.
So this would be the code that you are going to be looking for.
You also can choose obviously the opacity that would be with the color name.
And this is gonna give you whatever values you like.
Now in this case if we're gonna be choosing let's say for our G.B. I would want this one.
So that's going to be my red color.
Only thing I would need to do is just copy and paste this code and head over back to my text I will
gonna comment this out the easy one that we had just copy and paste it and now we're gonna have this
texture.
Okay so that will be for text shadow.
We also have an option for box shadow believe it or not generator.
And that meaning sarcastic of course there's gonna be something for the box shut off you're already
using for tech shadow you could imagine that they both of them are gonna have some kind of external
resources and not only some.
There's gonna be a bunch of them.
The reason why I'm showing you right away the box shut up because the result is going to include a browser
prefixes and that is actually a topic of next video.
So I purposely picked right now the text shut on Mark shadow just so we can talk about them because
I remember when we were talking about linear gradients we first time we met them in the colours they
when we were generating the linear gradient.
Well again we're looking at the browser prefixes so I think now it would be good time to talk about.
So here again we're doing the same thing.
We see that there's gonna be some kind of value.
So this is going to be my xbox one horizontal and horizontal and vertical and vertical and lower radius
blur ideas.
And this is that spread where you can kind of spread it over here.
That would be something optional.
Again as you're using.
Remember we have three values so this would be the fourth one again.
If you want to include it included then shadow color the background color I mean you name it.
Really we can pick whatever we would like.
Or here again opacity we can change it.
And the only thing that's missing is over here.
This text.
Now what I would like to do is first of all it refreshed and hopefully this is going to go back to actual
zero and I would like to show you with a hover effect because that would be probably a little bit there.
Example.
So let's say here we're going to be first starting with horizontal length and I'm gonna go with like
five something like this or you're not.
No you know what.
Now let's stay with 10 and then I'm gonna show you the actual how this is gonna work with five.
So let's say I'm going to save this first of all or I'm sorry copy and paste it so grab whatever values
you have over here without changing anything.
I'm gonna head over to the box and we're gonna save for the box.
We need to have actually as I'm hovering something to say as I'm hovering I would like to copy and paste
these tiles and then first of all I'm gonna get out of this one and let's add maybe transition because
this is gonna be a little nicer.
We know how to do that all.
Let's say zero point five seconds and let's settle in here.
Now what's gonna happen is as I'm hovering notice now we're getting our box shadow property.
And now that we have covered box shadow tech shadow we understand the basic idea.
I would like to talk about the browser prefix.